Update docs to stop referencing MyGet. (#381)
windows-toolkit/Lottie-Windows: Lottie-Windows/README.md

## Package locations
* The [latest release and pre-release versions are on NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Lottie).

> * The NuGets for the latest CI builds are published to Azure DevOps. Links here for the [main branch](https://pkgs.dev.azure.com/dotnet/WindowsCommunityToolkit/_packaging/WindowsCommunityToolkit-MainLatest/nuget/v3/index.json) and for [PRs](https://pkgs.dev.azure.com/dotnet/WindowsCommunityToolkit/_packaging/WindowsCommunityToolkit-PullRequests/nuget/v3/index.json). See the [Windows Community Toolkit wiki](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/wiki/Preview-Packages) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The NuGets for the latest CI builds are published to Azure DevOps. Links here for the [main branch](https://dev.azure.com/dotnet/WindowsCommunityToolkit/_packaging?_a=feed&feed=WindowsCommunityToolkit-MainLatest) and for [PRs](https://dev.azure.com/dotnet/WindowsCommunityToolkit/_packaging?_a=feed&feed=WindowsCommunityToolkit-PullRequests). See the [Windows Community Toolkit wiki](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/wiki/Preview-Packages) for details.
```

These are the landing pages. You can also see the change we made to our badges in our readme if you want to follow that format instead.

Just FYI, we don't have the PRs for your repo setup yet, but I can enable them if you'd like.

Author: Please do enable PRs. They're handy.

---
In reply to: [519997728](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/Lottie-Windows/pull/381#discussion_r519997728) [](ancestors = 519997728)

Author: @michael-hawker  - please do. BTW, I couldn't @ you in CodeFlow... weird.

## Package locations
* The [latest release and pre-release versions are on NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Lottie).

> * The NuGets for the latest CI builds are published to Azure DevOps. Links here for the [main branch](https://dev.azure.com/dotnet/WindowsCommunityToolkit/_packaging?_a=package&feed=WindowsCommunityToolkit-MainLatest&protocolType=NuGet&package=Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Lottie) and for [PRs](https://dev.azure.com/dotnet/WindowsCommunityToolkit/_packaging?_a=package&feed=WindowsCommunityToolkit-PullRequests&protocolType=NuGet&package=Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Lottie). 

Reviewer 2: >  [](start = 468, length = 1)

Nit: extra space.
